The official guarantee is 18,000 yuan.
How much? Eighteen thousand?
How about 18,000 for each broken wallet?
Enough! My yuan is one yuan!
How dare you think about it! I don’t dare to think about it!
That bag is worth so much!
Okay, okay! I’ll buy you the same model at 18,000 yuan for 25 yuan at the door of my school another day!
Oops! Why don’t you believe me?
Oops! Let’s go, let’s go!
Let’s go, let’s go! Get your bag!
How's it going? It's round and round!
He is extremely suspicious of your identity as Wu Ye You Mie!
This is what I am
Uncle, your wallet costs 18,000 yuan.
You said this
This doesn't look fake either
This isn't actually a lie
You never had the money to buy such an expensive wallet
Open it and take a look